# Cuisine Critic
WAD2 group 9D

This project uses Django 2.2.28

The website is accessible on https://cuisine.dukedan.uk

## Getting started
When running the project for the first time, it is recommended that you navigate to the base project directory and either run the "cleandb.sh" bash script provided, or manually execute the following commands:

```
python CuisineCritic/manage.py makemigrations
python CuisineCritic/manage.py migrate
python CuisineCritic/manage.py migrate --run-syncdb
python CuisineCritic/population_script.py
```

Please ensure that you have installed all of the required modules in requirements.txt before running the project.

## Running the application
When you have completed steps lists under "Getting started", you are ready to run the application. To do this, you can either run the "start.sh" bash script provided, or execute the following command (both should be executed from the base project directory):

```
python CuisineCritic/manage.py runserver 12000
```

The website should be accessible on http://localhost:12000.


## External sources:
- Some of the test data was generated by <a href="https://chat.openai.com">ChatGPT.</a> This test data is acknowledged in the CuisineCritic/population_script.py file.
- The JS element of Bootstrap v5.2 is served by JSDelivr.
- This project uses the Flatly theme by Bootswatch, version 5.2, accessible <a href="https://bootswatch.com/flatly/">here. This is a theme for Bootstrap 5.2.</a>
- This project uses Google Fonts for the fonts "Cairo" and "Bebas Neue".
- This project uses some jQuery functions. jQuery version 3.6.0 is served by code.jquery.com.
- This project uses Font Awesome for some SVG icons.